issues/MM-30582-add-legal-disclaimer (#330)
menandmice/micetro_docs: guides/admin-manual/admin_micetro.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Administration features in Micetro
   :keywords: Micetro admin guide, Micetro, administration

.. _admin-micetro:

Administrating Micetro
======================

This guide provides information and instructions on how to administrate Micetro from the **Admin** page in the Web Application. Refer to the following sections for instructions and information about managing Micetro as the administrator user.

.. _first-login:

Logging in for the first time
-------------------------
When you log into Micetro for the first time as the administrator user, you are prompted to accept the user agreement in the **First Login** wizard. Refer to `BlueCat Legal Agreements <https://bluecatnetworks.com/legal-documents/>`_ for more information about user agreements.

The **First Login** wizard comprises two steps:

1. **First Login** --- To proceed, you must check the :guilabel:`I agree` checkbox. By checking the box, you agree to use Micetro according to the applicable BlueCat user agreement.

> 2. **Set Password** --- You are required to change the administrator password upon first login. For more information about the administrator user, refer to :ref:`administrator`.

Reviewer: You are not actually required to change it, just recommended. Cancelling simply dismisses the dialog and lets you use the system as normal.

Author: Oh, good to know. I'll adjust this phrasing

> 2. **Set Password** --- You are required to change the administrator password upon first login. For more information about the administrator user, refer to :ref:`administrator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Set Password** --- You are highly recommended to change the administrator password upon first login. For more information about the administrator user, refer to :ref:`administrator`.
```
